Hey, they're just teasing you a little bit.
Who said you treated people so badly?
I'm the cocoon for your little things.
Hum. Hum.
Delete the photo for me quickly, don't be so violent.
You answer me one more question.
I'll delete it.
This time it's a serious matter.
I recently wanted to invest in this new energy industry.
What do you think?
Back to the script.
I clearly remember that this royal family is Wang s comrade who was listed in the new energy event.
Prime Minister Tam Duong is destroying the family.
Okay, that's the same stink.
I'll get on the horse.
The old man vowed that year.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
That's new energy.
The king grows in the next 10 years
If you invest in this.
Stable profit without compensation
Well, if you say that, then I have to vote.
It's just that the guy we work with, he's a foreign company.
It's called Fares Corporation.
I feel that their financial statements are very problematic.
What do you think?
I've had some contact with him before.
People belong at this head of this new energy field.
Working with them, you are waiting to count the money in the next few years.
More than a problem.
This is the leather bag company that Ye Chen made in the blast furnace water.
Use a flat gun.
Wang Yi is a stupid bastard.
Absolutely no escape.
If you say that, there's no problem.
I decided that this time I had to find Wang Ru Long in charge.
What do you think?
Wow.
This is nonsense wow
He's a mediator.
God willing, this will eat the hero.
Well, finally back to the north.
Ha ha ha
If you say so.
Then I have to get him in now.
Well, it's fun to talk, isn't it?
There's that much money again.
Finally over the mountain.
He was deleted a long time ago.
That kind of image doesn't delete.
For example, making a gold stove.
That makes sense.
It can't be because I'm a scum that affects the reputation of a great beauty like you.
Hey, hey, hey, Miss Wang, I won't bother you anymore.
You're always busy first haha
Ip Than Hoang As Long Ly Tam Duong
Look how my mother did to you.